now it came to pass in the days of a has
the son of Jotham the son of Isaiah king
of Judah that reason king of Syria and
pika the son of ramilya
king of Israel went up to Jerusalem to
make war against it but could not
prevail against it and it was told to
the house of David saying Syria's forces
are deployed in ephraim so his heart and
the heart of his people were moved as
the trees of the woods are moved with
the wind then the Lord said to Isaiah go
out now to meet a has you and Shia Jacob
your son at the end of the aqueduct from
the upper pool on the highway to the
fullest field and say to him you take
heed and be quiet do not fear or be
faint-hearted for these two stubs of
smoking firebrands for the fierce anger
of reason and syria and the son of ram
Alaia
because syria 'iframe and the son of
ramilya have plotted evil against you
saying let us go up against judah and
trouble it and let us make a gap in its
wall for ourselves and set a king over
them
the son of table it shall not stand nor
shall it come to pass for the head of
Syria is Damascus and the head of
Damascus is reasoned within 65 years
ephraim will be broken so that it will
not be a people the head of Ephraim is
Samaria and the head of Samaria is
Ramallah
son if you will not believe surely you
shall not be established moreover the
Lord spoke again to a has asked a sign
for yourself from the Lord your God ask
it either in the depth or in the height
above but a has said I will not ask nor
will I test the Lord here now o house of
David is it a small thing for you to
weary men but you will weary my God also
therefore the Lord Himself will give you
a sign behold the virgin shall conceive
and bear a son and shall call his name
Immanuel curds and honey he shall eat
that he may know to refuse the evil and
choose the good for before the child
shall know to refuse the evil and choose
the good the land that you dread will be
forsaken by both her kings the Lord will
bring the king of Assyria upon you and
your people and your father's house days
that have not come since the day that
ephraim departed from judah and it shall
come to pass in that day that the Lord
will whistle for the fly that is in the
farthest part of the rivers of Egypt and
for the bee that is in the land of
Assyria they will come and all of them
will rest in the desolate valleys and in
the clefts of the rocks and on all
thorns and in all pastures in the same
day
Lord will shave with a hired razor with
those from beyond the river with the
king of Assyria the head and the hair of
the legs and will also remove the beard
it shall be in that day that a man will
keep alive a young cow and two sheep so
it shall be from the abundance of milk
they give that he will eat curds four
curds and honey every one will eat who
is left in the land it shall happen in
that day that wherever there could be a
thousand vines worth a thousand shekels
of silver it will be for briars and
thorns with arrows and bows men will
come there because all the land will
become briars and thorns and to any Hill
which could be dug with the hoe you will
not go there for fear of briars and
thorns but it will become a range for
oxen and a place for sheep to roam